Task:
Read integers N and Q from standard input, representing the number of toy train cars and the number of queries, respectively. Initialize a data structure (e.g., a Union-Find or Disjoint Set Union) to manage the connected components of the toy train cars. Process each query in the order they are given:\n   - For a query of type '1 x y', call the function 'connect(x, y)' to connect the front of Car y to the rear of Car x.\n   - For a query of type '2 x y', call the function 'disconnect(x, y)' to disconnect the front of Car y from the rear of Car x.\n   - For a query of type '3 x', call the function 'print_connected_component(x)' to print the car numbers of the connected component containing Car x from front to back. In 'connect(x, y)', update the data structure to reflect that Car y is now connected to Car x. In 'disconnect(x, y)', update the data structure to reflect that Car y is no longer connected to Car x. In 'print_connected_component(x)', retrieve the list of car numbers in the connected component containing Car x and print them in the specified order. Ensure that the data structure efficiently supports union and find operations to handle up to 100,000 queries. Handle the output formatting for the connected component query to ensure it meets the constraints of printing at most 1,000,000 car numbers in total. Ensure that all input values are validated according to the problem constraints. Print the results of the '3 x' queries as specified in the output format.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Programmer_1, Programmer_2, Programmer_3, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
  Python *

Code_Version:
34.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

