Task:
Define a function 'maximize_min_deliciousness(N: int, A: List[int], C: List[int]) -> int' to handle the input parameters where 'N' is the number of bean types, 'A' is a list of deliciousness values, and 'C' is a list of corresponding colors. Create a data structure (e.g., a dictionary) to group the deliciousness values by their respective colors. Iterate through the list of colors and for each color, find the minimum deliciousness value among the beans of that color. Keep track of the maximum of these minimum deliciousness values across all colors. Implement error handling to ensure that the input values meet the specified constraints (1 ≤ N ≤ 200,000, 1 ≤ A_i ≤ 1,000,000,000, 1 ≤ C_i ≤ 1,000,000,000). Optimize the algorithm to ensure it runs efficiently within the constraints, possibly using sorting or a priority queue. Test the function with various test cases, including edge cases such as all beans having the same color or deliciousness. Document the function with comments explaining the logic and the expected input/output formats. Ensure the function returns the correct maximum minimum deliciousness value as an integer. Output the result in the specified format, ensuring it is a single integer representing the maximum minimum deliciousness.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Programmer_1, Programmer_2, Programmer_3, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
dashboard

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
34.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

