Task:
Define the function 'count_connected_components(N: int, M: int, edges: List[Tuple[int, int]]) -> List[int]' to handle the input parameters where N is the number of vertices, M is the number of edges, and edges is a list of tuples representing the edges between vertices. Parse the input to extract the number of vertices (N), number of edges (M), and the list of edges (edges) from the input format. Initialize a graph representation using an adjacency list or similar structure to store the edges between vertices. Implement a function to perform a depth-first search (DFS) or breadth-first search (BFS) to count the number of connected components in the graph. Iterate over the vertices from 1 to N, and for each vertex, simulate the deletion of that vertex and its incident edges from the graph. After deleting a vertex, call the connected components counting function to determine the number of connected components in the modified graph. Store the results of connected components counts for each vertex deletion in a list. Return the list of connected components counts from the function. Ensure that the function handles edge cases such as when there are no edges (M=0) or when all vertices are deleted. Format the output as a list of integers representing the number of connected components after each vertex deletion.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Programmer_1, Programmer_2, Programmer_3, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
34.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

