Task:
Define the function 'can_paint_graph(N: int, M: int, edges: List[Tuple[int, int]], K: int, p: List[int], d: List[int])' to handle the input parameters where 'N' is the number of vertices, 'M' is the number of edges, 'edges' is a list of tuples representing the edges, 'K' is the number of conditions, 'p' is a list of vertices, and 'd' is a list of distances. Parse the input to extract the values of 'N', 'M', 'edges', 'K', 'p', and 'd' from the input format. Construct the graph using an adjacency list or matrix based on the edges provided. Implement a function to perform a breadth-first search (BFS) or depth-first search (DFS) to calculate the minimum distances from each vertex to all other vertices in the graph. Check if there exists at least one vertex that can be painted black while satisfying the distance conditions for all vertices in 'p' with respect to 'd'. If a valid painting exists, create a list to store the colors of each vertex, marking the valid black vertices. Ensure that the distance conditions are met by verifying the distances from the painted black vertices to the vertices in 'p'. Return a boolean indicating whether the painting is possible and the corresponding vertex colors if it is. Handle edge cases, such as when 'K' is 0, ensuring at least one vertex is painted black. Format the output to display the result, indicating whether the painting is possible and showing the colors of the vertices.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Programmer_1, Programmer_2, Programmer_3, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
application

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
34.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

