Task:
Read integers N and M from standard input, where N is the number of programmers and M is the number of superiority relations. Initialize a directed graph representation using an adjacency list or matrix to store the superiority relations. For each of the M pieces of information, read pairs (A_i, B_i) and update the graph to indicate that person A_i is stronger than person B_i. Implement a function 'find_strongest_programmer(graph, N)' that will determine the strongest programmer based on the superiority relations. In 'find_strongest_programmer', perform a topological sort or a depth-first search (DFS) to determine the reachability of each programmer from others. Count the number of programmers that each programmer is stronger than using the results from the graph traversal. Identify the programmer who is stronger than all other programmers; if exactly one such programmer exists, store their index. If no programmer is found or if more than one programmer is found to be the strongest, return -1. Print the index of the strongest programmer or -1 if there are multiple candidates. Ensure that the output is formatted correctly as a single integer on a new line.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Programmer_1, Programmer_2, Programmer_3, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
dashboard

Ideas:


Language:
 Python *

Code_Version:
37.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

