Task:
Define a function 'count_lines(N: int, K: int, points: List[Tuple[int, int]]) -> Union[int, str]' to handle the input parameters where N is the number of points, K is the minimum number of points a line must pass through, and points is a list of tuples containing the coordinates of the points. Parse the input to extract the values of N, K, and the list of points (X_i, Y_i) from the input format. Implement a method to check for collinearity among points using the slope formula or cross product to determine if K or more points are collinear. Count the number of unique lines formed by every combination of points that pass through K or more points. Handle cases where there are infinitely many lines by checking if all points are collinear and return 'Infinity' if true. Ensure that the function can handle the maximum constraints efficiently, considering the limits on N and the coordinate values. Return the count of unique lines that pass through K or more points as an integer. Implement error handling for invalid inputs or edge cases, such as K being greater than N. Test the function with various test cases to ensure correctness, including edge cases with minimum and maximum values. Format the output according to the requirements, ensuring it matches the expected output format.

Config:
ChatEnvConfig.with_memory: False
ChatEnvConfig.clear_structure: True
ChatEnvConfig.git_management: False
ChatEnvConfig.gui_design: True
ChatEnvConfig.incremental_develop: False
ChatEnvConfig.background_prompt: ChatDev is a software company powered by multiple intelligent agents, such as chief executive officer, chief human resources officer, chief product officer, chief technology officer, etc, with a multi-agent organizational structure and the mission of 'changing the digital world through programming'.


Roster:
Chief Executive Officer, Counselor, Chief Human Resource Officer, Chief Product Officer, Chief Technology Officer, Programmer, Programmer_1, Programmer_2, Programmer_3, Code Reviewer, Software Test Engineer, Chief Creative Officer

Modality:
dashboard

Ideas:


Language:
 Python

Code_Version:
34.0

Proposed_images:
0

Incorporated_images:
0

